remove reference to an unwritten page (#28163)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/howto/css_faq/index.md

- _Quirks Mode_: also called backwards-compatibility mode, allows legacy webpages to be rendered as their authors intended, following the non-standard rendering rules used by older browsers. Documents with an incomplete, incorrect, or missing `DOCTYPE` declaration or a known `DOCTYPE` declaration in common use before 2001 will be rendered in Quirks Mode.
- _Standards Mode_: the browser attempts to follow the W3C standards strictly. New HTML pages are expected to be designed for standards-compliant browsers, and as a result, pages with a modern `DOCTYPE` declaration will be rendered with Standards Mode.

> Gecko-based browsers, have a third Almost Standards Mode that has only a few minor quirks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gecko-based browsers have a third [limited quirks mode](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quirks_mode#Limited_quirks_mode) that has only a few minor quirks.
```
If you do want to keep as-is, remove the comma:
```
Gecko-based browsers have a third "almost standards" mode that has only a few minor quirks.
```

Author: I prefer the one containing links 👍
